AWKWARD POSE
Utkatasana

Right foot step to the right, six inches apart, heels invisible behind the toes.
Six inches gap between toes and heels
Don’t change your feet throughout the entire posture.
Arms up parallel to the floor.
Keep your five fingers together, touching each other.
Elbows locked, triceps muscles nice and tight, contraction.
Stretch your arms forward toward the mirror, you’re trying to touch the mirror.
Exhale breathing.
Suck your stomach in, hold it in.
Sit down, feet flat position, until your hips touch the chair, spine straight to begin with, 100 percent body weight on the heels.
Lift your chest up and bend your total spine, backward bending, bring your upper body back.
Suck your stomach in, compression of the abdominal wall, contraction of the abdominal muscles.
Suck it in, tightening up, and hold it.
Rib cage visible in the mirror.
Open your knees, keep 6 inches between your toes, heels, knees, and hands.
Chest up. Chin up.
Lean back. Fall back. Way back.
You’re trying to fall down backwards.
Inhale breathing and come up.
Keep your arms there.
2nd Part:
Concentrate and meditate
Stand up on your toes maximum like a ballet dancer.
Tremendous concentration, focus one point in the mirror.
If you blink your eyes, you might lose the balance.
Stretch your spine, chest, head, whole upper body, up toward the ceiling like natural human traction.
Imagine I am pulling your hair towards the ceiling.
Sit down, on the top of the toes, spine straight position.
Start to finish throughout the posture, you should feel your hips and head touching the wall.
Sit down halfway, until your hips touch the chair, knees up, chest up, upper body leaning back, spine straight.
Come up higher on the toes, knees up toward the ceiling.
Hips should not go down below the chair, you are sitting on the chair.
Inhale breathing and come up, spine straight position, keep your arms there.
3rd Part:
Come up a little bit on your toes.
Bring your knees together.
Exhale breathing, suck your stomach in, spine straight.
Sit down, as slow as possible, at least 10 counts, all the way down, all the way down.
Leaning against the wall.
Continuously stretch your spine towards the ceiling, half inch gap between the hips and heels.
You’re leaning against the wall, hips and head touching the wall, no gap anywhere.
Keep your knees together and forward toward the mirror, thighs parallel to the floor, arms parallel to the legs, spine perfectly straight,
90 degree angle, so from the side your body looks like a box.
Take a deep breath, knees together, spine straight, slowly come up.
Feet together, arms down side, and relax, don’t move.
