HEAD to KNEE with STRETCHING POSE
Janushirasana with Paschimotthanasana

Turn around, And sit facing the mirror.
Right leg out corner wise, Bend your left leg.
Put your left foot high on your inner thigh, So your heel touches your shorts.
Create pressure with the left foot sole, Against the right leg biceps of the thigh muscle.
Your two legs should be 90 degree angle, Like “L.”
Arms over the head, Turn to the Right.
Grab your right foot, Two inches below the toes, Ten fingers interlocked position.
Pull your toes as hard as possible.
Flex your foot, So your heel comes off the floor, In the air.
Just like Rabbit Pose, Touch your chin to your chest, Look at your stomach.
Touch your forehead on the knee. Forehead should touch the knee.
If you can’t touch your forehead, Bend the knee up a little bit.
You’ve got to touch your forehead.
Bring your elbows down, Next to your calves.
Suck your stomach in.
Push your knee down, Forehead touching position.
Left elbow down more. Left shoulder down more.
Roll inside to the left. Left knee should stay touching the floor.
Roll in, Roll in, Roll in.
Get your head close with your stomach.
Push your knee down.
Change. Left side.
---
(left side - Head to Knee Pose):
Stretch your left leg out cornerwise, Bend your right leg. Heel touching the inner thigh.
Grab the toes. Pull your toes.
Exactly forehead on the knee.
Make sure throat choked.
Exhale breathing, Suck your stomach in.
Bend your elbows down. Push your knee down with your forehead.
Roll inside to the right. Roll in.
Create maximum pressure to the abdomen and throat.
This is not a stretching pose, It is a compression posture.
Change again.
---
Paschimotthanasana, Stretching Pose.
Both legs forward. Lie down on your back.
Sit up please, Immediately.
Grab the big toes from the top, With your index and middle fingers.
Pull your toes as hard as possible. Feet together.
Look in the mirror, Get your head up, Please.
Walk your hips back, Right and Left, Right and Left, Right and Left, 10-15 times,
Until your both knees lock. No knees!
Flex your feet. Heels should come off the floor, In the air.
Then, Only, You can bend your elbows down.
Look forward, Your head up, Chin up.
Inhale breathing, Stretch your body forward, From the lower spine. Pull your toes back.
Your goal is to touch the head to the feet.
Come up, Turn around, Relax on your back. Complete relax, Please.
---
(2nd Set - Stretching Pose):
Bring both legs out in front of you.
Quickly lie on your back, Bring your arms over your head.
Sit up immediately, And grab your big toes.
Don’t lose the grip.
Pull your toes hard.
Walk your hips back, At least 10-15 times.
Lock your knees.
Create cramp on top of the thighs.
Heels off the floor, In the air.
Backs of the knees on the floor.
No room for air or light between the legs and the floor.
Chin up, Look in the mirror.
Bend your elbows and pull harder.
Stretch your head forward toward the feet. Chest down on the legs, Spine straight.
Suck your stomach in, Exhale, And keep pulling.
Continuously keep pulling, Without interruption, Without intermissions.
Exhale and pull. Touch your forehead to the toes.
Change. Come up, Turn around, And relax on your back.
