SPINE TWISTING POSE
Ardha-Matsyendrasana

Turn around and sit facing the left side of the room.
Bend your left knee on the floor, Left knee facing the left side wall (mirror.)
Put your right foot exactly over the left knee corner.
H-E-E-L, Your heel should touch the knee. Foot flat on the floor.
Both hips should touch the floor comfortably,
To keep your spine perfectly straight, Perpendicular, 90 degree angle.
Hip touching the left heel. Point your left toes.
Bring your left arm over the right knee, Elbow exactly against the knee.
Push your knee back, With the help of your left elbow.
Turn your wrist, And grab the left knee with your left hand.
Now, Look down. Make sure your knee, Hand, And the heel,
All 3 things are touching each other, At the same spot, On the floor.
Keep the knee on the floor.
Stretch your spine up toward the ceiling.
Right arm on your back, Palm facing out.
Try to grab the thigh behind you with your right hand fingertips.
If your spine is rounding, Put your hand on the floor behind you, Fingers facing out,
And push against the floor, To get your spine straight.
Chest up, Spine up, Rib cage open.
Look back behind you, Look over the right shoulder, Way, Way, Way back,
Chin over the shoulder.
Twist your body right side, All the way.
Total spine is supposed to twist, Top to bottom.
Coccyx to the neck, Joints of each and every vertebra and cartilage
Supposed to twist like a Pearl Necklace.
Twist, And twist, And twist, The last chance – Twist.
Change. Other side.
(left side):
Bend the right knee on the floor.
Left foot over the right knee corner.
Right arm up and over the knee, Push the knee back, Grab the knee in front.
Inhale and stretch your spine up, Look over the left shoulder, Chin over the shoulder.
Exhale, Turn and twist.
Make sure your neck is twisting back.
Stretch up and twist.
Twist, And twist, And twist, And twist, Keep twisting.
Joints of each and every vertebra and cartilage
Stacked one on top of the other, Stretching up and twisting
Like a Pearl Necklace.
Relax on your back.
