STANDING SEPARATE LEG HEAD to KNEE POSE
Dandayamana-Bibhaktapada-Janushirasana

Feet together nicely.
Arms over the head sideways. Hands/Palms together, Thumbs crossed.
Stretch your arms toward the ceiling.
Throughout the posture, Elbows locked, So arms always touching with the ears.
Right leg step to the right, A big step, 3 feet distance (36 inches) between the feet.
Turn to the right, 180 degree angle.
Turn your hips, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 times, Beyond your flexibility,
To bring your HIPS exactly in one line from the side.
Two heels in one line, Backside foot should be 45 degree angle.
Exhale breathing, And you go down, Arms and head together.
Tuck your chin to your chest, Look at your stomach,
Touch your forehead on the knee.
Forehead should touch the knee.
If you can’t touch your forehead, Bend your right knee a little bit,
But you have to touch your forehead to the knee.
Stretch your hands forward, Beyond the toes. Keep your elbows straight.
Push your hands against the floor, To get your knee locked.
Exhale breathing, Suck your stomach in, Throat choked, Eyes open, Breathing normal.
Bring maximum body weight on the front leg,
So your right side hip is sticking up toward the ceiling, To get your two hips in one line.
Lock the knee very quickly a couple of times.
Inhale breathing, Very gently come up, Arms and head together.
Stop in the middle.
---
Turn to the left, 185 degree angle.
Turn your hips 5 times more.
Exhale breathing, Suck your stomach in, And you go down. Two hips in one line.
Look at your stomach. Tuck your chin to your chest.
Touch your forehead on the knee.
Stretch your hands forward beyond the toes. Elbows locked, Everybody.
Push your hands against the floor, To get your knee locked.
More weight on the left leg.
Everybody get your left hip up higher toward the ceiling.
Lock the knee, Very quick, A couple of times, Exhale breathing, Stomach in.
Full lungs, Inhale, Come up, Arms and head together, Stop in the middle.
Arms down, And right leg back to the place.
(2nd Set):
(after: “Turn your hips times more”):
Twist your hips with the backside foot.
(after: “Stretch your hands forward, Beyond the toes, Your elbows straight”):
Wrists straight, Cross your thumbs.
---
(corrections):
Get your forehead higher on the knee.
(after: “Right leg step to the right, A big step, 36 inches between the feet”)
Open more.
(after: “Two hips in one line, Two heels in one line”)
Front foot should be straight, Back leg always locked,
Your back foot should be 45 degree angle, Heel flat on the floor.
(after: “Forehead should touch the knee”)
If you can’t touch your forehead, Bend your right knee a little bit,
But you have to touch your forehead to the knee, Or the posture hasn’t even started yet.
(after: “Stretch your hands forward, Beyond the toes. Elbows straight.”)
Open your hands.
---
(additional dialogue):
This is not a stretching pose, It is a compression pose.
This is a combination of Rabbit Pose (Stomach in, Back rounded, Throat choked,)
And Balancing Stick (Arms stretching.)
