STANDING HEAD TO KNEE POSE
Dandayamana-Janushirasana

(Right leg)
Feet together nicely.
Shift your weight to your left Leg.
Interlock your 10 fingers and grab the right Foot in front of you, 3 inches below the Toes.
Hold it, nice and tight grip. Please don’t lose the grip.
Look in the mirror.
From start to finish: Concentrate one point on your left Knee in the mirror, to make sure the Knee is absolutely locked to begin with.
YOU DON’T HAVE THE KNEE!!!
Your left Leg should be solid, concrete, one piece, lamppost, unbroken.
NO KNEE!!!
Inhale breathing: Slowly, gently, right Leg lift up and stretch forward toward the mirror, until the Leg is exactly parallel to the floor. No higher, no lower.
Left Knee LOCKED.
Take a deep breath, Continuously kick your right Leg - Heel forward toward the mirror, so you can turn your right Foot in from the Ankle toward your face, with all 5 Toes turning in.
If the standing Leg is bending, the posture has not started yet.
Kick your Heel out, turn your Toes in. Try to get both Knees locked, so from the side your Legs look like a perfect Upside-down “L” like Linda.
If both Knees are locked, and still you can balance there comfortably, then, only, you can bend your Elbows down toward the floor, until your Elbows are touching the Calf Muscle.
Eventually, your Elbows should go down below the Calf Muscle.
Change. Left leg.
(Left leg)
Pick up your left foot, same position. Please don’t lose the grip.
Focus one point on your right Knee in the mirror.
Don’t change your Eyes, don’t blink your Eyes.
Think very deeply about your Standing Knee.
Your right Knee is LOCKED, NO KNEE!!!
Distribute the weight all over the right Foot, equally, the same. Don’t bring it to the side.
Standing Leg - Thigh Muscle is contracted, nice and tight.
Nothing loose, nothing hanging.
Stomach in.
Inhale, slowly, gently, left Leg lift up and stretch forward, Right Knee locked.
Deep breath, kick your left Heel forward toward the mirror, until your both Knees lock.
Continuously keep Kicking without stopping, without intermission.
Kick the Heel out, turn the Toes in. You have to learn how to FLEX your Foot, to stretch your Achilles Tendon just above the Heel.
All the 5 Toes toward your Face, eventually beyond perpendicular.
You should feel tremendous stretching underneath your legs, create a cramp on top of the thigh.
If both Knees are locked (No Knee!), your both Legs like a perfect Upside-down “L” like Linda, then slowly start bending your Elbows down toward the floor, until your Elbows are touching the Calf Muscle.
Elbows should go down below the Calf Muscle.
Change.
Do the back bending one second.
(for correction, if the standing knee is bending):
Push your Knee back. Lock the Knee.
Contract the Thigh Muscle, whole Kneecap lifts up.
(for correction, when bringing the elbows down):
Don’t let the leg come down, keep kicking the heel forward.
Contract the Thigh Muscle, whole Kneecap lifts up.
(for 2nd Set):
(final position, once elbows go down below the calf muscle):
Still, if you can balance there with both Knees locked, with your smiling, happy Face, slowly bring your Body down, Chest down, Head down.
Touch your Chin to your Chest, look at your Stomach, touch your Forehead to your Knee.
