TRIANGLE POSE
Trikonasana

Feet together. Arms over the head sideways.
Right leg step to the right - BIG STEP - Four feet minimum.
Immediately arms down parallel to the floor, Palms facing down.
Look straight ahead.
Push your hips forward, Upper body leaning back.
Turn your right foot out to the right - all the way.
Turn it half inch more, Until the foot is parallel to the front; Two heels in one line.
Inhale breathing, Bend the right knee and sit down.
Bounce a couple of times,
To make sure you’re sitting down low enough.
Your right thigh should be parallel to the floor.
Your right leg should look like a perfect upside-down “L” like Linda.
Make sure your hips don’t go up anymore. STAY DOWN THERE.
Again, Hips forward, Arms back, Body back, Lean back, Open your chest.
Spine straight in the center.
Inhale breathing - Move your arms at the same time,
Right elbow in front of the right knee.
Bring your right hand down and put your fingertips between the big toe and 2nd toe,
Don’t touch the floor, No pressure on the fingertips against the floor.
Look up toward the ceiling - Touch your chin to the left shoulder,
So the profile of your face is exactly visible.
Take a deep breath, Continuously stretch your left arm up to the ceiling,
You’re trying to touch the ceiling.
Right arm stretch down, Left arm stretch up.
In other words, Both arms - Shoulders should be stretching each other,
Up and down, In opposite directions, Like natural human traction.
Push your left hip forward.
At the same time, Push your right knee back with the help of your right elbow.
TOUCH THE TOES.
Upper body turn, Or twist backward (like the Spine Twisting Posture.)
Keep your left knee locked, And left foot flat on the floor.
Inhale breathing; Come up, And stop in the middle - Right foot back to the center.
Keep your arms there.
Left side.
(left side)
Turn your left foot out to the left.
Bend the knee and sit down.
Bounce and bounce and bounce, Until you’re sitting down enough.
Left thigh, Femur bone parallel to the floor.
Right hip down and forward more.
Get your left knee back toward the back wall.
Arms back, Body back, Lean back, Freeze.
Don’t move your hips anymore.
Keep your spine straight in the center.
Both arms at the same time:
Left arm down, Palm facing the front, Elbow in front of the knee.
Right arm stretch up, Touch the ceiling.
Turn your head, Look up, Chin to the shoulder, Face profile facing the wall.
Push your right hip down and forward toward the wall.
Push the left knee back with the help of the left elbow
So both knees are in one line from the side.
Elbow should not go down below the knee.
Don’t lean any weight on your left elbow against the knee.
Touch the Toes!
Quick, Right arm stretch up, You’re going to touch the ceiling pretty soon.
Body up more, There should be a big gap, Triangle, Between your chest and the left thigh.
Right arm up more.
Both arms should be in a straight line in the front, Also from the side.
Both arms, Shoulders, Scapulae, Deltoids,
Stretching up and down like a natural human tug-of-war.
Hips down, Body up, Turn or twist your upper body back, Opening up your chest.
Left arm stretch down, Touch the toes.
Right arm stretch up, Stretch up, Stretch up, Stretch up. Touch the ceiling!
Keep your right knee locked, Right foot flat on the floor.
Inhale breathing, Come up.
Arms over the head, Right foot back to the place, And arms down side.
